Drafting SL ref docs (#8709)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/model-properties.md

|[deprecation_date](/reference/resource-properties/deprecation_date)|	string|	No	|Date when the model is deprecated.|
|[access](/reference/resource-configs/access)	|string|	No|	Access level: private, protected, or public. Supported at the top-level for backwards compatibility only. |
|[time_spine](/docs/build/metricflow-time-spine)|	object	|No	|Time spine configuration for semantic layer.|

> |[semantic_model](/reference/semantic-model-properties)|	object	|No	|Semantic model configuration for the dbt Semantic Layer. In <Constant name="fusion" />, can include [metrics](/reference/metric-properties) defined on the model.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[semantic_model](/reference/semantic-model-properties)|	object	|No	|Semantic model configuration for the dbt Semantic Layer. In the latest YAML spec,<Constant name="fusion" />, [metrics](/reference/metric-properties) are defined on the model, not within this block.|
```

Reviewer: `metrics` should be added as well (new spec)

> ### Example file

Reviewer: I also suggest we have a separate example file for that shows the new spec and version block both code samples

</File>

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.12">

### Example file (latest)

> The latest YAML spec includes <Constant name="semantic_layer" /> properties: `semantic_model:`, top-level `agg_time_dimension` and `primary_entity`, and `metrics:`. Columns can include `entity:` and `dimension:` blocks and `granularity` for time dimensions. See [Semantic model properties](/reference/semantic-model-properties) and [Metric properties](/reference/metric-properties) for the full structure.

Author: when do we use colons in code? Is it top level properties? Or properties with an object? I'm inconsistent and not sure.
